Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have a circle avatar over here, and it says over here, which is going
to say, guest.
Okay, now, in order to do this, we have to go back to our visa code and we are going to search for
that property, which is known as the ground.
That ground.
Okay, over here we can see we have this background and the widget is a container.
And as you know, the container has a property which is known as Tide.
And with what I just said, I said we are going to have two widgets that is the circle of water and
it says widgets, which is going to say guess.
And with my explanation, you can see it's going to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
So for this purpose, we are going to be using a row widget.
And as you know, the row can take multiple widgets.
We can just add the two over there and the first child is going to be a circle.
Circle Avatar.
And as you know, the circle avatar.
Has a radius property which is our big.
We want the radios to be all around.
We want the radius to be where we can just do it.
We can get rid of that and just say background, color and colors that maybe seen.
Or we can just get rid of this first and use control and let's save and see what's going to look like.
Okay.
You're going to say it over here.
You can see.
Okay.
And now what we can do, we can then say radius of maybe 50 additional comma and use control and s to
save.
Okay.
It's going to be more bigger.
You can see.
Looking great, right?
Okay.
And what we can then do is the circle hover.
Terror has a property known as background color and also background image.
Okay.
We can just go with the background image for the background image.
We are going to go to our files and I'm going to copy.
I'm want to copy this.
This image I think I have.
An image which is similar is going to look for it quickly.
And this is it over here with the copy this or cards and go to the next stop and I'm going to search
for my.
The project name.
Multi-vendor and.
This is going to be this image is going to be the resource.
So you can go download it and.
Assets.
Okay.
We can just create.
They knew for the record images right then we the images we can then create a new photo again and we're
going to call this up on the score logo.
Like to make it cleaner and we have to pace this year and now we have to point this location to to that
we can use culture and be okay to make this smaller and this is it assets.
So assess images and have logo.
So we have to go to the main or that file.
Meaning that you can see these assets over here.
So what we can do is we can uncomment this is going to screw up to get the relocation.
Okay.
The location of this, before you get to this images, you will first need to access the assets, then
images, right.
Then Harp on the score logo.
And then slash the name of the image is guessed.
Guest dot jpg.
Okay, we can then get rid of this and.
Use control necessary.
We can just copy this part.
Right, because you're going to use it over there.
Well, okay.
We waited for this before.
Then we can just continue.
Okay.
And back to Surrey.
Hopefully I did not drag anything wrongly.
Okay.
I'm just going to wait for this.
Sorry, sir.
Then back to the profile screen.
I think I would have done this behind the scenes.
Close this and.
Okay.
And now for the background image, we have to say.
He made Dodds.
Image.
Sorry, there's going to be assets.
Assets.
Image.
And we have to piss this.
So control this wide and and this.
Hopefully I copied it.
We're just going to copy it again quickly.
Okay.
Pulse back.
Copy.
I can just get it ticket to make sure the package has been added or the image has been added back to
the profile screen and.
Is this?
Okay.
Seems good, right?
You're going to get it one more time.
It's true.
And that's a save.
And get this one more time.
That is why most of the time I have to restart my vehicle.
Okay.
Is already there.
Simms Good.
Adina after we stopped by vesicles.
So now we can continue and get rid of this.
And this is the first child of the row.
And we can have another which is going to be a test which at.
And Capito ed is going to say guest and we can tie this.
STI sti.
Sorry.
STI.
And test tie.
To start.
Test.
So test.
Style, we can increase the font size.
225.
Added comma and we can change the colour.
Two colors that white.
And you can try and save and go check it out.
Look, you can see over here now we can give a space between boats that is this and this.
So what we can just do.
We can use this size box for this.
Or we can just use a paddle.
But what we can just do we can use a size box for this, and we are giving this space horizontally.
So this is going to be width and we can see width of maybe 25.
And I'll come over there and see.
Okay.
Great.
And we can give space over this as well.
And to do that, what we can just do we can wrap this with the padding, maybe padding here, and we
can give for maybe all sides.
Or 15 and see.
Okay.
And see if it's okay.
I think this is looking great and I think it's looking great.
And I think it took a bit time to do this.
And this is because of the image.
So what we basically did was to create.
A new territory court.
Images we send the assets, right.
And in order to make our code more cleaner, because we are going to have a lot of images.
So we created a new folder basically for the help logos or the logos that's going to be related to all
the hub, all the images that's going to be related to logos.
We have to create a new folder for it.
And currently we have this guest dot jpg and after doing this.
We have to tell to, hey, we just added something to our we just added an image.
So what we basically did was to point the location to that image, right?
Images have a little app on the scroll logo and you can see it is the same way to assess it.
Assets, images up on the school logo and then the name of the image.
And over here we are basically using that image.
Right.
We are basically having access to the location again via well before you need to do this, you must
have it in your bag.
That's fine.
That is, you must have told Prospect Odhiambo Fi that, hey, I have had a footer or I've had a defy,
so please take note of this.
Okay, so this is what we're basically doing and hopefully you understand it's okay.
Seems good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.